you don't know what this is do you as
tech gold the heathen gods placed on the
gold a terrible curse ten years research
every last piece we have found save for
this Oh poppy
they've taken Elizabeth welcome aboard
the black oh we were saved
where do we start Jack Sparrow he talked
about the black bow make a deal with a
meeting leaders do it you forget your
place you're a blacksmith
if you spring me from this cell I shall
take you to the Black Pearl and your
bonny lass you're a pirate forget one
very important thing mate I'm Captain
Jack Sparrow not sure I deserve a you're
not facing normal pirates boom demented
vicious pirates to be certain sighs oh
boy good boy bus
cruel demented vicious pirates who
cannot be killed
who like shows us for what we really are
that's interesting we are cursed man I
hardly believe in ghost stories anymore
you best start believin in ghost stories
miss Turner
you're in one
gentle remember Captain Jack Sparrow
letitia's remedial pay you like pay try
wearing a corset
hey they come from
Pirates of the Caribbean the curse of
the Black Pearl
am i a desert